[Doc]In Databricks doc, disable DPP config[skip ci] (#5967)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-databricks.md

   See [issue-1059](https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids/issues/1059) for more detail. 

2. Dynamic partition pruning(DPP) does not work.  This results in poor performance for queries which

>    would normally benefit from DPP or query failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   would normally benefit from DPP.   With DPP on, queries may fail on Databricks when using the plugin.
```
